Add a drafty R21 release note (#464)
pxblue/doc-it: src/docs/release-notes/R21/Summary.mdx

> Added icons and system components to Figma component sticker sheet. Theme changes for React Native Paper components. Various enhancements, bug fixes in component libraries & themes.

Reviewer: For the other releases, we've written these summaries as one long run-on sentence:
```suggestion
Overhauled icon and theme usage for React Native projects, added many new icons and system components to Figma component sticker sheet, updated navigation within authentication workflows, and enhanced code examples for design patterns.
```
